add sl docs (#3392)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/quickstart-semantic-layer.md

---
title: "Quickstart"
id: quickstart-semantic-layer
description: "Define metrics and set up the dbt Semantic Layer"
sidebar_label: "Quickstart"
---

# dbt Semantic Layer quickstart

:::info Coming soon

> The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes which will enable more complex metric definitions and efficient querying. For more info, check out the [The dbt Semantic Layer: what's next](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/) blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes, enabling more complex metric definitions and efficient querying. As part of these changes, the dbt_metrics package will be deprecated and replaced with MetricFlow. For more info, check out the [The dbt Semantic Layer: what's next?](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/) and [dbt_metrics deprecation](https://docs.getdbt.com/blog/deprecating-dbt-metrics) blog.
```
